
async:
		Boolean. If true, do an asynchronous export (see Async Export).
		Use for large data sets. Note - always set to True when using Python API.

only_ids:
		Boolean. If true, only the Readout Row IDs are returned, allowing for a smaller 
		and faster response. Default: False.

created_before: 
		Date (YYYY-MM-DD). Include only readout rows created on or before the date.

created_after: 
		Date (YYYY-MM-DD). Include only readout rows created on or after the date.

modified_before:
		Date (YYYY-MM-DD). Include only readout rows modified on or before the date.

modified_after:
		Date (YYYY-MM-DD). Include only readout rows modified on or after the date.

projects: 
		Comma-separated list of project ID's. Defaults to all available projects.
		Limits scope of query.

protocols: 
		Comma-separated list of protocol ID's. 
		Include data for the specified protocols.
		Optional parameter.

		Note: this query parameter successfully filters readout rows based on project ID,
		but no longer appears to be listed as a parameter in the GET readout_rows documentation?
		
plates: 
		Comma-separated list of plate ID's.
		Include only data for the specified plates.

molecules: 
		Comma-separated list of molecule ID's.
		Include only data for the specified molecules.

batches: 
		Comma-separated list of batch ID's.
		Include only data for the specified molecules.
		
runs_before: 
		Date (YYYY-MM-DD). Include only data for runs created on or before the date.
		
runs_after: 
		Date (YYYY-MM-DD). Include only data for runs created on or after the date.

runs: 
		Comma-separated list of run ID's for the given protocol.
		Include only data for runs listed.

page_size:
		The maximum number of objects to return in this call. Default is 50, maximum is 1000.

type: 
		Defaults to all. Can supply any number of readout row types the endpoint should return.
		Any aggregate rows will also include their protocol conditions in their readouts.
		
		Valid values are:
		
			'detail_row'
			'batch_run_aggregate_row'
			'batch_protocol_aggregate_row'
			'molecule_protocol_aggregate_row'

include_control_state:
		Boolean. If true, control wells on plates are identified as positive or negative control wells.

data_sets: 
		Comma-separated list of public dataset ID's.
		Defaults to no data sets. Limits scope of query.
